DOC-614 | Mention extended edge update validation in Gharial (#421)
arangodb/docs-hugo: site/content/3.12/release-notes/version-3.12/api-changes-in-3-12.md

The affected endpoints are `POST /_api/cursor`, `POST /_api/explain`, and
`GET /_api/query/rules`.

#### Gharial API

The `PATCH /_api/gharial/{graph}/edge/{collection}/{edge}` endpoint to update

> edges in named graphs now validates the referenced vertex if only the `_from`
> or `_to` edge attribute is modified. Previously, the validation only occurred if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
edges in named graphs now validates the referenced vertex when modifying either
the `_from` or `_to` edge attribute. Previously, the validation only occurred if
```
